https://discontinuity.ai/---

discontinuity.ai

Not sure about adopting ai?

# Accelerating Your AI Journey: Advisory and Training Tailored for Success

From ideation to execution, Discontinuity.ai is your partner in demystifying
AI adoption and unlocking its full potential for your organizations

Talk to Us Discover Our Services →

Accelerate your AI adoption journey

## Empowering Your Organization

At Discontinuity.ai, we understand the transformative power of AI and the
complexities involved in its adoption. Our expert advisory services guide you
through strategic planning and implementation, while our comprehensive
training programs equip your team with the knowledge and skills for sustained
success. Together, we can navigate the challenges and seize the opportunities
AI presents..

Getting Started

## Bringing your AI concept to life has never been easier.

AI can transform your business, but doing it correctly can be challenging.
We'll walk you through the strategy and tactics to help you springboard your
AI programs your ideas.

### AI Strategic Advisory

Forge a clear path to AI integration with tailored strategic advice from our
experts.

### Executive & Team Training

Up-skill your leaders and teams with our specialized training programs,
designed to accelerate AI adoption.

### Rapid Prototyping

Quickly move from concept to prototype with our agile AI development approach.


https://discontinuity.ai/training---


# Introduction to Training Courses

Welcome to Discontinuity.ai's Training Hub, where we bridge the gap between AI
ambition and expertise. In a world rapidly transformed by artificial
intelligence, staying ahead means not just understanding AI but mastering it.
Our suite of training courses is meticulously designed for organizations and
professionals eager to harness the power of AI. Whether you're looking to
kickstart your AI journey, elevate your team's skills, or lead your
organization through digital transformation, our courses offer the knowledge,
practical skills, and insights you need to thrive in the AI era.

Benefits of our Training Courses

  * **Tailored Curriculum.** Each course is custom-designed around the unique needs and challenges of your organization. This ensures that every lesson, case study, and project is directly relevant to your company's goals and industry context.
  * **Active Engagement and Interactivity.** Our courses prioritize hands-on learning and active participation. We encourage learners to bring their own company-specific concepts and challenges into the classroom, fostering a dynamic environment where real-world problems are addressed with AI solutions.
  * **Flexible and In-Person Learning Options.** There is a huge benefit to in learning training with our instructors but we recognize that isn't always possible. With a blend of online self-paced modules and live instructor-led sessions, our courses offer the flexibility to accommodate the schedules of busy professionals.

Transform your organization’s AI capabilities with training courses built
around your specific needs and challenges. Embrace interactive learning
designed for real-world application and active engagement. Discover a
curriculum where your company’s goals drive the learning outcomes. Ready to
embark on a tailored AI learning journey?

Available courses

# Open Training Courses

### Strategic AI for Leaders

Empower Your Leadership with AI: A Strategic Course for Senior Leaders

Learn More →

Ready to Transform Your Organization with AI?


https://discontinuity.ai/training/strategic-ai-for-leaders---


3 Day Introduction

# Empower Your Leadership with AI: A Strategic Course for Senior Leaders

In today's rapidly evolving digital landscape, Artificial Intelligence (AI)
stands at the forefront of transformation, driving innovation, efficiency, and
competitive advantage across all sectors. However, the journey from
recognizing AI's potential to effectively integrating it into your
organization can be complex, especially for leaders at the helm of this
change. Our executive course, designed specifically for senior leaders,
demystifies AI and provides a comprehensive roadmap for leveraging this
powerful technology to secure your organization's future.

Over the span of seven meticulously crafted sessions, this course offers a
deep dive into the essentials of AI for business leaders. From the
foundational understanding of AI technologies and their business implications
to strategic implementation and scaling, we cover the entire spectrum of
knowledge needed to navigate the AI landscape confidently.

  * **Introduction to AI and Its Business Impact.** Start your journey with a solid foundation, understanding what AI is, its types, and its transformative potential for businesses.
  * **AI Strategy for Leaders.** Learn to craft a visionary AI strategy, fostering an AI-ready culture while navigating ethical considerations and risk management.
  * **Data Strategy and Management.** Delve into the backbone of AI—data. Master the art of managing, securing, and leveraging data to fuel AI initiatives.
  * **Understanding AI Technologies and Capabilities.** Gain insights into the core AI technologies driving innovation today and explore their practical applications in various industries.
  * **Implementing AI Projects.** Transition from theory to practice. Learn the nuts and bolts of bringing AI projects to life, from ideation to execution and evaluation.
  * **Scaling AI Across the Organization.** Discover strategies for broadening the impact of AI across your organization, ensuring seamless integration and sustained innovation.
  * **Future-proofing Your Organization with AI.** Look beyond the horizon. Prepare your organization for continuous evolution in the AI space, ensuring long-term competitiveness and success.

Each session is enriched with real-world case studies, interactive workshops,
and insights from industry experts, making learning both practical and
inspirational. Designed for busy executives, this course not only equips you
with the knowledge to lead AI initiatives but also empowers you to drive
cultural and technological transformation within your organization.

## Who Should Enroll?

This course is tailored for senior leaders, executives, and decision-makers
across industries looking to harness the power of AI to innovate, optimize,
and lead their organizations into the future. Whether you're at the early
stages of considering AI or looking to scale existing AI initiatives, this
course will provide valuable insights and strategies to propel your
organization forward. Join us to navigate the AI revolution with confidence.
Empower your leadership with the knowledge and tools to not only adapt to the
changing landscape but to shape it. Enroll today and be the change-maker in
your organization's AI journey.

> “Artificial intelligence will reach human levels by around 2029. Follow that
> out further to, say, 2045, we will have multiplied the intelligence, the
> human biological machine intelligence of our civilization a billion-fold.”

**Ray Kurzweil,** Futurist and Generally Smart Guy

Ready to Transform Your Organization with AI?


https://discontinuity.ai/advisory---

Strategic Advisory

# Understanding AI from Business to Code

AI is a fast moving industry, with changes on an almost daily basis. How do
you ensure you are current and make the most of the technology?

Discontinuity.ai offers a range of strategic advisory services focused on
ensuring teams and businesses are aligned with getting AI working for them.
While there is lots of technical tranining on How AI Works, there is very
little on How You Can Implement AI.

  * **Strategic Thinking.** With experience at the C-Suite level, we can help you understand how AI can help your business. Helping you understand what is needed, when to invest, and what to expect as results. Jumping into AI without a strategic plan is a recipe for disaster.
  * **Training.** Once you are aligned on the benefits of AI, how do you ensure the team buys in? We offer a range of training options to help your team understand the technology, the benefits, and the risks.
  * **Planning.** AI is part data, part strategy, part IT and part process. Planning for AI deployments is a multi-disciplinary effort. We can help you understand what is needed, and how to plan for success.

Having a prototype will arm you with data to help make the business case for
AI. Having a strategy will ensure you can execute on the vision. Having a plan
will ensure you can deliver on the strategy. Discontinuity.AI can help you
with all three, for less than the price that over-paid consultant is charging
you for dinner. (Note to overpriced consultants: hey, if you need help with
your AI, we can help you too!)

## Is this the right time for AI?

AI and machine-learning is fantastically complex and changes almost daily. But
the fundamentals of AI remain the same. Understanding the cost/benefit, risks
and strategies to implement AI can help you understand how your business can
adapt to the changes. The risk of not adopting AI is far more expensive than
investing in a strategic plan.

> “Artificial intelligence will reach human levels by around 2029. Follow that
> out further to, say, 2045, we will have multiplied the intelligence, the
> human biological machine intelligence of our civilization a billion-fold.”

**Ray Kurzweil,** Futurist and Generally Smart Guy

Ready to Transform Your Organization with AI?


https://discontinuity.ai/about---


# We’re creating a world where AI works alongside humans to enhance
productivity, creativity, and innovation.

We believe that by building intelligent agents that can learn and adapt to
changing business needs, we can help companies achieve greater efficiency,
profitability, and growth, while also improving the quality of life for
workers, customers and the scary place we live in.

Ready to Transform Your Organization with AI?



https://discontinuity.ai/prototyping---


Prototyping

# On a Mission to Empower AI Teams

AI is radically transforming the way we do work and engage with others, and we
are only starting to see its full impact and potential.

But adopting AI usually means consultants, studies and massive investments in
infrastructure, training and data. But it doesn't have to be that way.

Discontinuity.AI can prototype an application in a matter of days, and give it
to your team to evaluate. Faster speed means your move faster and can
implement AI cheaper. Know the impact of AI before you invest in it.

> “Using generative AI (like ChatGPT) in business improves users’ performance
> by 66%, averaged across 3 case studies. More complex tasks have bigger
> gains, and less-skilled workers benefit the most from AI use.”

**Jacob Nielsen,** Nielsen Norman Group

Getting Started

# How the Process Works

Ready to launch that AI prototype? Great! Ensuring the success of the
prototype is equal parts technology and product strategy. Based on years of
experience building, deploying and creating software experiences,
Discontinuity.AI has distilled this down to a simple 3 step process.

  * **Understand Your Goals and Outcomes** Having a plan is always good. It keeps us focused on the things that matter. Spending the time upfront to clearly spell out what you are focused on will help determine how to ensure we are building the right things. Sure that sounds like consultant talk, but in order to have a Minimal Viable Product (MVP) you will need to know what Minimum and Viable mean.
  * **Choose Data, Model and Output** This becomes the fun part, like picking which pizza toppings would be perfect. We will work with you to determine what needs to be done to achieve your MVP. The three sources we need to work through are;  

    * What is Your Data Source? AI is based upon data. Getting that data into a format digestable by the AI model is important. We have a huge array of options to work here from direct API connections, to text files, images or PDFs.
    * What AI Model Do You Need? AI models cover a huge range from small and focused, to massive generalized LLMs. We have the expertise to help you select the model that considers your privacy, budget, performance and scaling concerns.
    * How are the Results Delivered? Out of the box we have API, javascript widgets, or (coming soon) Zapier integration. We want to help make AI useful, and that means making Discontinuity.AI part of your workflow. Chatbots like the one on this page, are included in each of the packages and are a simple easy way to get started.
  * **Build It** Armed with a goals, data and some strategies, Discontinuity.AI will build you a custom project in usually a week (Hey we aren't robots here.) The rapid turnover gives you a chance to seem how things are turning out.
  * **Measure and Provide Learnings** The final step is making sure the project meets your needs by measuring the outcome against your goals from above. You will get access to a performance data about your model and can even send that data to systems that you rely on.

Having a prototype will arm you with data to help make the business case for
AI. Having a strategy will ensure you can execute on the vision. Having a plan
will ensure you can deliver on the strategy. Discontinuity.AI can help you
with all three, for less than the price that over-paid consultant is charging
you for dinner.(Note to overpriced consultants: hey, if you need help with
your AI, we can help you too! We offer Strategic Solutions to AI -
Strategilutions. Wow we should really consider that consulting thing. )

## Whats the catch?

No catches. AI app in a week. We've built processes and tools around all the
boring parts of AI so we can focus all of our efforts on solving your
problems. Discontinuity.AI has a full data store, vector database, hosting
cluster, and all the infrastructure to make it work nicely. We've spent the
time so you don't have to. Plus, we have AI to help us with the coding!

Well a couple catches..

  * First: We're a small company with big ideas but meagre budgets. We can host your MVP but we can't support it forever. We will host your solution for up to a year, and hold you to reasonable limits on traffic (see our terms) If you need more than an MVP, we are happy to talk about a powerful, scalable solution with you.
  * Second: AI is a fantastically powerful tool that can provide amazing insight into your data. There is almost no limit to what AI can achieve, but there are limits to what work Discontinuity.AI will do. We believe in AI being beneficial for all people and as such we reserve the right to refuse any work, even after it has started. You will be refunded the full amount, no harm no foul.

Invest in ideas, not tools

## Why Discontinuity.ai?

Discontinuity.ai has the tools and the experience to build, deploy and
mananage your AI projects. We've built out the infrastructure to handle all
the complexities in AI/ML applications. Focus on the ideas, and we'll handle
the rest.

### Data Pipeline and Lake

    

Getting your data into a usable format is the first step in any AI/ML project.
We run a compliant, secure cloud-data lake and pipeline that can easily bring
your data into a usable format.

### Vector Database(s)

    

AI/ML require data stored in a way that allows them understand the context of
the data. Our high-performance vector databases can dramatically improve the
performance of your ML applications and provide a boost to your apps quality.

### High-Performance Compute

    

AI/ML apps are resource intensive. We sandbox your applications within a
secure container and once you are ready for production, those containers can
quickly be moved to a scalable cluster.

Ready to Transform Your Organization with AI?



https://discontinuity.ai/legal---



Privacy Policy

# Privacy Guaranteed

Website - This one is easy. I use GA4, just live everyone. I should probably
use something else but thats the easiest. If you want to let us know you
visited, send us an email. It's cool. We like to know who is interested in our
work.

If you contact us using the form below, or from any other page, that
information is sent to via a third-party mailer (Mailgun). If you don't want
to use the form, you can email us at hello@discontinuity.ai it all goes to the
same location.

Blog links on the front page link to Medium. They likely use lots of trackers.
We don't know. Same thing applies here, if you want the information we are
happy to send it to you directly.

Logo and discontinuity.ai are trademarks of 2linessoftware.com (us). Please
don't use them without permission. Anything else is fair game. If you find the
site valuable, please share it with your friends and colleagues.

Terms of Use

# Using your Software

Well this is where it gets complicated. We make software prototypes for you to
use. The terms written here apply to the use of the software, and form the
basis of an agreement between you and us (Discontinuity.ai). A separate
contract will be signed before the work starts, but here are the concepts.

1\. We will build a prototype for you to use. It is not designed to be
coommercial software, so there may be bugs, security issues and stability
issues. This is a prototype, not a finished product. The prototype can be
hosted for up to 1 year on our servers. After that, we will provide you with
the code and you can host it yourself. If you exceed a reasonable demand on
our servers, we will ask you to cover some of the costs.

2\. Discontinuity.ai owns the infrastucture, you own the code and your data.
We have no interest in sharing your data and if you'd like we can sign an NDA.
After the term (1 year) we delete all data, code and information related to
your project. Nothing personal, we just like to ensure that we don't have any
data that we don't need.

3\. Discontinuity.ai will not use your data for any purpose other than
explicit agreement with you. We will not sell your data, use it for training,
or use it for any other purpose than to provide you with the service you have
requested. In the event that there is any concerns feel free to refer to this
as _Exhibit A_ in court

3a. However we may use commercial LLMs (Language Models) within your project.
It will be discussed with you beforehand. Those companies like OpenAI, CoHere,
etc.. may use your data for training their models. We have no control over
that. If you have concerns, we are happy to roll together a local model that
can be exclusively used by you. That will be an extra cost.

4\. The world is tough enough, we don't need to make it any more complicated.
Discontinuity.ai reserves the right to refuse any project for any reasons. We
won't work on anything illegal, immoral or generally bad for the world. We are
not lawyers (painfully obvious if you are still reading) but we are people,
and believe that we should all benefit from AI. In the event that things
change on your project, we will always return your investment, data and code.
No hard feelings.

Ready to Transform Your Organization with AI?




